back in the arena now and as major
Taylor just said entertaining people is
what it's all about and here doing just
that is the correct marching band with
their version of the Bohemian Rhapsody
now be prepared because here comes a
Scout back putting under kind of show
that was never even dreamed of when I
was in the scouts this is the 42nd
Lester Lenin PLC arts they're wearing
the standard uniform but that's about
the only thing but standard in this bath
a salute on the bugle leads us into
another Scout band and to the present
champions of his contest the second
Brighton Scouts who call themselves the
marching ambassadors they're thought to
be the oldest Scout band in the country
they were formed in 1909
but their color guard called the
emeralds because of their bright green
costumes a much newer they've been going
for three years I wonder what they'd be
Cowell would have made all this
now the worst of our scatter contingent
and the last in our montage of the bands
which have been delighting everybody
here with their musicianship and their
showmanship this is the elderly district
Scout band from North Cheshire when it
started back in 1962 they struggled for
a year with one battered bugle from one
drunk well have come a long way since
then as you can see and just watch their
precision in this fast-moving military
routine maybe it's this band that
captain Taylor was keeping an eye on
with a beauty giving simply recruits for
the Welsh Guards
so the displays are over and now we wait
for the judges verdicts
they'll be marking for a musical effect
for display and showmanship and for wind
and percussion play